Insert tracing event name into LogRecord::event_name instead of attributes (#1928)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-rust: opentelemetry-appender-tracing/CHANGELOG.md

- [1869](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-rust/pull/1869) Utilize the `LogRecord::set_target()` method to pass the tracing target to the SDK.
  Exporters might use the target to override the instrumentation scope, which previously contained "opentelemetry-appender-tracing".

- **Breaking** [1928](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-rust/pull/1928) Insert tracing event name into LogRecord::event_name instead of attributes.

>    - Custom exporters must now serialize this field directly from LogRecord::event_name instead of iterating over the attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - If using a custom exporter, then they must serialize this field directly from LogRecord::event_name instead of iterating over the attributes. OTLP Exporter is modified to handle this.
```
